do you wanna know what I've been using
here I've got mainline mates
we got little dumbbells
we go find out the ways
so you guys I love these little Japanese
these ones are the dumbbells what you
can do is chop the end off for them just
come back and put a botton by one
so then you come together like that and
if you want you can chop their barley
back to making critical imbalance so
there goes down nice and gently and
normally find that if you use that you
induce it on up on the bottom by with so
that it's just wafting over the top of
your three bees all your little freebies
are in there so this this is my favorite
this is the pineapple way or you go when
you get this you get weighing on the
baby
that's the daddy of course are many fish
on these if you know if it's white you
like then you've got go for the milky
toffee they're crazy
99 bucks these are beautiful nice and
hard and they pop up and they start
doing some proper beings together and
I'll show you the mix inside the back in
a minute
the main ingredients are a message to
the Branham marry em this is Gillian so
it's off so when they this and they suck
that by you they go woo me like the
Cheerilee bad so that's their got nice
oily agency I've used as use it don't be
the audience the load the next in Google
is I know I'm response ferret
look at that you have it my time
response fairly I know I'm gonna do
so you've got the main home response
pallet we got that the part is the cell
boil is you just put small amounts our
assignment just fish for one boy don't
put notes about there's no need to do it
then I'll fight you put out the longer
it takes to get up right if you have a
look at these little babies look that's
the packaging for the mainline bait that
we got the sale in this bag and what
we've got is if you turn it over those
wonderful men I've put the rings on
there you've got the snowman move all
right you got the blowback wing
you got the swimmer rig and then here is
the kdv the man who first made this rig
is Canal is Kenny Dorsett Kenny Dorsett
is the man to grab that maybe put a
little switch on it so that the okie
side am on the bottom there's the
cellphone
you know they're wicked
jason'll coconut that's because she got
Coco coconuts